What?
No way.
Less, this two-ear flower shell screen is worth 8 million.
Green grapefruit flower pot worth 10 million
There is also the Fleur cherry blossom that Truong Huc Dong chose.
This is worth 130 million.
Are you sure you have enough money on your card?
How is that possible?
Since when are the items in the treasure area so expensive?
These unspecified amounts are not really high.
But after appraisal, it must be calculated according to market price.
What about this gem?
Ms. Tham is our super member.
He has three free Taobao opportunities
So he doesn't have to pay.
To That, you're kidding me.
Sister Trieu Van, people are afraid of your Trieu family.
Ta To That but in the big wind big waves spell to here.
I wonder if Miss That can give one more person.
Money comes and goes
How do you
Can't compare just want to play with cigarettes
Your.